You are talking nonsense. You don't know him at all.
You are a liar
What are you so excited about?
guilty
Does he know who is promoting meat to me?
So what's going on?
The idiom is not I don't want him to show up
It's because he thinks he's so ugly
I don't want the public to see him ugly
So?
You've been looking for Tishang for so many years, it's still for his own good
Of course, if it weren't for me
How does he make money?
But he is a legitimate Mrs. Lu
It's the daughter of the Qiao family again
How could there be a shortage of money?
The Qiao family is bankrupt and still the daughter of the Qiao family
He sang for me with buckwheat.
Just to pay off his father's debt
Pardon me?
Buckwheat is recommended for you.
Not a big idiom
What did I just instruct?
The instructions said it was a leak.
Jiang Yurou, let me ask you again
Is it buckwheat that I am advocating for you?